# Finding the trap densities on Perovskites based material
Hello there! 

In this project contains the code made by me in the summer of my first year (2021) in university under [Professor Kam Sing Wong](https://scholar.google.com.hk/citations?user=8ql1t2EAAAAJ&hl=en). Its main function is to fit the Time-resolved photoluminescence (TRPL) plot of a 2D Dion-Jacobson Perovskite Material in order to find the Trap Density of the sample in study. Here the 2D DJ perovskite material is one of the sample with a reported high stability. Hence, bringing to light its optical characteristics and charge recombination properties will aid the development for their usage in optoelectronics such as LEDs, solar cells, and laser diodes.

In this repository, there exist a ```.ipynb``` file called [FittingCode.ipynb](https://github.com/alexinthewonderland/Finding-Trap-Densities/blob/main/FittingCode.ipynb), which represent a general version of the code to obtain the trap densities contained in the two [075-sample](https://github.com/alexinthewonderland/Finding-Trap-Densities/tree/main/075-sample) and the [DDA-sample](https://github.com/alexinthewonderland/Finding-Trap-Densities/tree/main/DDA-sample) folders. Inside each folder, you would find a ```.csv``` file that contained the time intergrated photoluminescence (Time PL) data as a function of the carrier density. You would also find the main fitting code for each sample represented in a ```.ipynb``` file. In each of the folders' read me, there are an explanation of how to use the code in more detail while also explaining the equation used to fit the plot generated and obtain the trap densities of each sample. Addtionally, for a very thorough detail about the project and results obtained, please do look at the [UROP1000 report](https://github.com/alexinthewonderland/Finding-Trap-Densities/blob/main/UROP1000%20Report.pdf) pdf file.

This README.md file coudl still be updated if I left out some things, nevertheless, enjoy your time here! 
